# Coel-Inc_task
There are two files-activity data file and target file. after exploratory analysis, two files are merged which has the activity count of each activity  for each customer and the target variable deal_status whether the deal was closed or not. As the response variable follows binomial distribution and the explanatory variables are qualitative, dummy variables are used using pivot table and tranfromting it to dataframe and logistic regression was applied to model which will be used for prediction. As logistic regression has a benefit to give the odds ratio, the odds of closing a deal by doing a particular activity. From the logistic model the probability of contribution of a partiicular activity also can be calculated. This is why I choose this algorithm.

The frequency of the activity was given. It would be better to have the monetroy value of the contributing activity so that we can calculate return on investment of each activity. Very few data is available for successful deal. We may not get proper training data to train the model.  It would be better to get the dataset as the combination of activities for successful deal so that we may be able to get the best mixture of the activity combination. Also , we need to have information whether the activity variables are correlated as multicolinearity may spoil our result. Consideration of any seasonal effect may also help us to get better inside. Location of the customer groups and their demographic information may also help us to understand whether one  activty is suitable for particular customer group. We may try ensamble methods for porediction
